Document limitations of secrets in automations (#45808)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/secrets.markdown

```

This will not print the actual secret's value to the log.

## Secrets in automations and scripts

Using secrets is not supported in the Home Assistant UI YAML editor for automations and scripts. If `!secret` is used in `automations.yaml` or `scripts.yaml`, you will not be able to edit or view **any** YAML automations or scripts in the UI.
 
You can however split automations or scripts using secrets into a separate yaml file, as described in [splitting configuration](/docs/configuration/splitting_configuration/#top-level-keys). These will be read-only in the frontend, and allow the rest of your automations to still be editable normally.

Example `configuration.yaml`:

```yaml
# The main automations editable in the UI
automation ui: !include automations.yaml

# These automations may contain secrets, and will be read-only in the UI
automation secret: !include automations-secret.yaml
```

> {% caution %}
> Secrets used in automations will expose their secret value to administrators when viewed in the UI, such as in the YAML source viewer and the trace viewer.
> {% endcaution %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}
Secrets used in automations will expose their secret value to administrators when viewed in the UI, such as in the YAML source viewer and the trace viewer.
{% endimportant %}
```
According to ANSI Z535.6 (a standard on how to document hazards in technical documentation), "caution" is a signal word used to identify a hazard that may or will cause injury but not death. For this reason, I would not use "caution" in this context. A note or a tip would work, or, if you want to highlight it a bit more, "important". 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANSI_Z535

Author: Hmm, this rule feels somewhat inconsistently applied. I want to warn users that their secrets may be exposed, so I think we need to have some kind of alert that implies a negative connotation.

According to these copilot instructions, maybe this should be a warning, but a warning is also the class that it says implies physical harm, not caution.

Copilot instructions says:

https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/9ef0acd7f0cd9c39063ec16f80b9763aaf5df6f0/.github/copilot-instructions.md?plain=1#L349-L359

Our other current uses of caution include:
 - your password might be exposed
 - your automation may break
 - "This is an advanced feature"
 - your secret code may be sent over the network
 - not recommended to run a serial proxy over wifi
 - a feature is not available before a certain version. 
 
 None of these necessarily imply physical injury either. 
 
 Can we review a bit here and figure out if our alert categories and copilot instructions are accurate?
 
 To use 'important' here I feel doesn't fit the posted guidelines, as I think this is more of a security issue.
 
 If after reading this you still disagree, feel free to merge your suggestion, as I will defer to your judgement.

Reviewer: Good point. Thank you for pointing that out. Your PR follows the guidelines. I disagree with that guideline. I don't think it's correct, but maybe I'm missing something.

So let me do the following: 
Merge your PR as is, check the guidelines, and then, if the guidelines should change, we can standardize the hazard statements throughout the docs.
